Add serverCommsAddresses value in values.yaml for HA support (#160)
OctopusDeploy/helm-charts: charts/kubernetes-agent/README.md

| agent.debug.disableAutoPodCleanup | bool | `false` | Disables automatic pod cleanup |
| agent.defaultNamespace | string | `""` | The default Kubernetes namespace for deployments |
| agent.image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"octopusdeploy/kubernetes-tentacle","tag":"8.1.1693"}` | The repository, pullPolicy & tag to use for the agent image |
| agent.logLevel | string | `"Info"` | The log level of the agent. Logs are written to the pod logs as well as to file |
| agent.machinePolicyName | string | `""` | The machine policy to register the agent with |
| agent.metadata | object | `{"annotations":{},"labels":{}}` | Additional metadata to add to the agent pod & container |
| agent.pollingConnectionCount | int | `5` | The number of polling TCP connections to open with the target Octopus Server |
| agent.resources | object | `{"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"150Mi"}}` | The resource limits and requests assigned to the agent container |
| agent.serverApiKey | string | `""` | An Octopus Server API key use to authenticate with the target Octopus Server |

> | agent.serverCommsAddress | string | `""` | The polling communication URL of the target Octopus Server |

Reviewer: ? is it possible for the singular version to be removed? Or does that break existing users?

Author: It would require us to do a major version bump as it would break on existing versions of Server due to how it generates the helm install command.

When we do a major version bump, we can review our `values.yaml` file and tidy up any instances like this 👍

| agent.resources | object | `{"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"150Mi"}}` | The resource limits and requests assigned to the agent container |
| agent.serverApiKey | string | `""` | An Octopus Server API key use to authenticate with the target Octopus Server |
| agent.serverCommsAddress | string | `""` | The polling communication URL of the target Octopus Server |

> | agent.serverCommsAddresses | list | `[]` | The polling communication URLs of the target Octopus Servers when running in HA |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| agent.serverCommsAddresses | list | `[]` | The polling communication URL's of the target Octopus Servers when running in High Availability (HA) |
```

Author: I don't think an apostrophe is right on "URL's" because it's plural, not possessive in this context.

Reviewer 2: ah yep
